MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.py
src/duckietown_world/__init__.py
src/duckietown_world/resources.py
src/duckietown_world/data/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/__init__.py
src/duckietown_world/data/apriltagsDB.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/ethz_megacity/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/ethz_megacity/AprilTag position duckietown.csv
src/duckietown_world/data/ethz_megacity/AprilTag position duckietown.xlsx
src/duckietown_world/data/ethz_megacity/Makefile
src/duckietown_world/data/ethz_megacity/Map conventions.pdf.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/ethz_megacity/README-IMPORTANT.md
src/duckietown_world/data/ethz_megacity/autolab_tags_map.csv
src/duckietown_world/data/ethz_megacity/autolab_tiles_map.csv
src/duckietown_world/data/ethz_megacity/convert.py
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/4way.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/4way_bordered.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/ETHZ_autolab_fast_track.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/ETHZ_autolab_technical_track.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/ETHZ_autolab_technical_track_bordered.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/ETHZ_loop.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/ETHZ_loop_bordered.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/ETH_intersection_map.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/ETH_large_loop.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/ETH_small_loop_1.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/ETH_small_loop_2.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/ETH_small_loop_2_bordered.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/ETH_small_loop_3.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/Montreal_loop.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/TTIC_large_loop.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/TTIC_loop.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/TTIC_ripltown.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/calibration_map_ext.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/calibration_map_int.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/loop_dyn_duckiebots.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/loop_empty.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/loop_obstacles.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/loop_pedestrians.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/regress_4way_adam.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/regress_4way_drivable.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/robotarium1.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/robotarium2.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/small_loop.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/small_loop_bordered.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/small_loop_cw.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/straight_road.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/straight_road_down.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/udem1.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/udem1_empty.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/zigzag_dists.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/maps/zigzag_dists_bordered.yaml
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/barrier/barrier.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/barrier/barrier.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/building/building.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/building/building.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/bus/bus.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/bus/bus.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/checkerboard/calibration_pattern.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/checkerboard/checkerboard.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/checkerboard/checkerboard.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/cone/cone.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/cone/cone.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckie/duckie.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckie/duckie.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckie-gltf/Duck0.bin
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckie-gltf/DuckCM.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckie-gltf/main.gltf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckie2/DuckCM.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckie2/duckie2.blend
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckie2/duckie2.blend1
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckie2/main.bin
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckie2/main.gltf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckiebot/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckiebot/circlegrid-square.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckiebot/circlegrid.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckiebot/duckie.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckiebot/duckiebot.glb
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckiebot/duckiebot.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckiebot/duckiebot.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckiebot/main.bin
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckiebot/main.glb
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckiebot/main.gltf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/duckiebot3/main.gltf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/house/house.blend
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/house/house.blend1
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/house/house.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/house/house.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/house/house.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/house/main.bin
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/house/main.gltf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/wood_osb.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_4_way_intersect/main.bin
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_4_way_intersect/main.gltf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_4_way_intersect/sign_4_way_intersect.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_4_way_intersect/sign_4_way_intersect.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_4_way_intersect/sign_4_way_intersect.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_4_way_intersect/wood_osb.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_T_intersect/sign_T_intersect.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_T_intersect/sign_T_intersect.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_T_intersect/sign_T_intersect.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_T_light_ahead/sign_t_light_ahead.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_T_light_ahead/sign_t_light_ahead.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_T_light_ahead/sign_t_light_ahead.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_blank/sign_blank.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_blank/sign_blank.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_do_not_enter/sign_do_not_enter.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_do_not_enter/sign_do_not_enter.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_do_not_enter/sign_do_not_enter.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_duck_crossing/sign_duck_crossing.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_duck_crossing/sign_duck_crossing.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_duck_crossing/sign_duck_crossing.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_generic/main.bin
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_generic/main.gltf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_generic/sign_4_way_intersect.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_generic/sign_generic.blend
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_generic/sign_generic.blend1
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_generic/sign_generic.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_generic/sign_generic.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_generic/sign_generic_rotated.blend
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_generic/sign_generic_rotated.blend1
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_generic/wood_osb.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_generic/textures/sign_4_way_intersect.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_generic/textures/wood_osb.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_left_T_intersect/sign_left_T_intersect.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_left_T_intersect/sign_left_T_intersect.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_left_T_intersect/sign_left_T_intersect.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_no_left_turn/sign_no_left_turn.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_no_left_turn/sign_no_left_turn.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_no_left_turn/sign_no_left_turn.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_no_right_turn/sign_no_right_turn.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_no_right_turn/sign_no_right_turn.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_no_right_turn/sign_no_right_turn.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_oneway_left/sign_oneway_left.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_oneway_left/sign_oneway_left.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_oneway_left/sign_oneway_left.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_oneway_right/sign_oneway_right.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_oneway_right/sign_oneway_right.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_oneway_right/sign_oneway_right.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_pedestrian/sign_pedestrian.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_pedestrian/sign_pedestrian.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_pedestrian/sign_pedestrian.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_right_T_intersect/sign_right_T_intersect.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_right_T_intersect/sign_right_T_intersect.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_right_T_intersect/sign_right_T_intersect.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_stop/sign_stop.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_stop/sign_stop.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_stop/sign_stop.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_yield/sign_yield.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_yield/sign_yield.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/signs/sign_yield/sign_yield.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/main.bin
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/main.gltf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/trafficlight.bin
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/trafficlight.blend
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/trafficlight.blend1
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/trafficlight.gltf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/trafficlight.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/trafficlight.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/trafficlight_card.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/trafficlight_card0.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/trafficlight_card1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/trafficlight_cover.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/textures/trafficlight_card.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/trafficlight/textures/trafficlight_cover.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/tree/main.gltf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/tree/tree.bin
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/tree/tree.blend
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/tree/tree.blend1
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/tree/tree.mtl
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/tree/tree.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/truck/truck.obj
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/truck/truck.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/meshes/truck/truck_2.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/Makefile
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/grass_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/normalmap.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/stucco.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/water_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/do.zsh
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 01.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 01.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 02.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 02.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 03.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 03.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 04.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 04.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 05.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 05.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 06.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 06.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 07.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 07.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 08.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 08.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 09.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 09.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 10.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 10.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 11.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 11.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 12.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 12.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 13.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 13.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 14.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 14.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 15.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 15.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 16.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 16.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 17.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 17.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 18.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 18.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 19.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 19.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 20.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 20.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 21.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 21.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 22.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 22.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 23.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 23.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 24.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 24.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 25.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 25.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 26.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 26.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 27.pdf
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/banners/pannello 27.pdf.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/gltf/normalmap.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/gltf/wood.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/3way_left/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/3way_left/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/3way_left/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/3way_left/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/3way_left/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/3way_right/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/3way_right/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/3way_right/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/3way_right/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/3way_right/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/4way/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/4way/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/4way/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/4way/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/4way/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/asphalt/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/asphalt/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/asphalt/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/asphalt/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/asphalt/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/calibration_tile/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/calibration_tile/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/calibration_tile/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/calibration_tile/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/calibration_tile/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/curve_left/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/curve_left/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/curve_left/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/curve_left/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/curve_left/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/curve_right/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/curve_right/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/curve_right/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/curve_right/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/curve_right/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/floor/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/floor/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/floor/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/floor/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/floor/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/grass/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/grass/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/grass/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/grass/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/grass/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/straight/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/straight/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/straight/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/straight/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/photos/straight/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/3way_left/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/3way_left/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/3way_left/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/3way_left/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/3way_left/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/3way_right/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/3way_right/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/3way_right/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/3way_right/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/3way_right/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/4way/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/4way/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/4way/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/4way/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/4way/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/asphalt/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/asphalt/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/asphalt/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/asphalt/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/asphalt/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/calibration_tile/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/calibration_tile/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/calibration_tile/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/calibration_tile/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/calibration_tile/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/curve_left/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/curve_left/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/curve_left/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/curve_left/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/curve_left/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/curve_right/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/curve_right/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/curve_right/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/curve_right/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/curve_right/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/floor/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/floor/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/floor/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/floor/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/floor/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/grass/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/grass/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/grass/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/grass/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/grass/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/straight/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/straight/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/straight/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/straight/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/segmentation/straight/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/3way_left/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/3way_left/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/3way_left/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/3way_left/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/3way_left/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/3way_right/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/3way_right/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/3way_right/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/3way_right/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/3way_right/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/4way/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/4way/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/4way/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/4way/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/4way/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/asphalt/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/asphalt/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/asphalt/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/asphalt/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/asphalt/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/calibration_tile/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/calibration_tile/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/calibration_tile/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/calibration_tile/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/calibration_tile/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/curve_left/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/curve_left/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/curve_left/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/curve_left/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/curve_left/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/curve_right/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/curve_right/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/curve_right/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/curve_right/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/curve_right/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/floor/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/floor/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/floor/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/floor/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/floor/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/grass/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/grass/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/grass/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/grass/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/grass/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/straight/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/straight/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/straight/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/straight/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/smooth/straight/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/3way_left/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/3way_left/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/3way_left/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/3way_left/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/3way_left/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/3way_right/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/3way_right/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/3way_right/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/3way_right/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/3way_right/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/4way/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/4way/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/4way/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/4way/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/4way/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/asphalt/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/asphalt/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/asphalt/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/asphalt/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/asphalt/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/calibration_tile/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/calibration_tile/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/calibration_tile/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/calibration_tile/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/calibration_tile/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/curve_left/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/curve_left/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/curve_left/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/curve_left/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/curve_left/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/curve_right/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/curve_right/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/curve_right/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/curve_right/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/curve_right/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/floor/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/floor/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/floor/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/floor/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/floor/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/grass/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/grass/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/grass/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/grass/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/grass/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/straight/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/straight/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/straight/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/straight/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic-F/straight/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/3way_left/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/3way_left/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/3way_left/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/3way_left/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/3way_left/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/3way_right/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/3way_right/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/3way_right/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/3way_right/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/3way_right/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/4way/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/4way/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/4way/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/4way/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/4way/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/asphalt/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/asphalt/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/asphalt/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/asphalt/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/asphalt/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/calibration_tile/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/calibration_tile/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/calibration_tile/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/calibration_tile/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/calibration_tile/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/curve_left/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/curve_left/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/curve_left/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/curve_left/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/curve_left/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/curve_right/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/curve_right/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/curve_right/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/curve_right/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/curve_right/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/floor/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/floor/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/floor/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/floor/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/floor/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/grass/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/grass/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/grass/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/grass/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/grass/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/straight/emissive.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/straight/metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/straight/normals.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/straight/occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles-processed/synthetic/straight/texture.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/3way_left_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/3way_left_2.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/3way_right_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/4way_1.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/4way_1_gymd.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/asphalt_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/black_tile.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/calibration_tile.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/curve_left_1.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/curve_left_1_gymd.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/curve_left_2.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/curve_left_2_gymd.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/curve_left_3.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/curve_left_3_gymd.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/curve_right_1.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/curve_right_1_gymd.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/curve_right_gymd.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/floor_1.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/floor_1_old.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/grass_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/straight_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/tape-occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/photos/tape.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/3way_left.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/3way_right.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/4way.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/asphalt.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/black_tile.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/calibration_tile.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/curve_left.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/curve_right.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/floor.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/grass.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/straight.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/tape.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/3way_left.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/3way_left.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/3way_left.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/3way_left.pxd/data/965D4D6A-8777-4ED9-BAF2-C03D90EA4FBC
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/3way_left.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/4way.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/4way.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/4way.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/4way.pxd/data/24233EEA-A9C3-40B0-9F51-85C422A131C5
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/4way.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/curve_left.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/curve_left.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/curve_left.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/curve_left.pxd/data/141C7375-EB51-4227-9D5A-CE36B67B5F15
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/curve_left.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/curve_right.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/curve_right.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/curve_right.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/curve_right.pxd/data/8BD08BCF-222B-46FB-AB32-41891B495EC6
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/curve_right.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/grass.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/grass.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/grass.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/grass.pxd/data/67CC6866-841B-4664-AB40-606E8FBBD269
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/grass.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/straight.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/straight.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/straight.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/straight.pxd/data/E3CD5223-7C1E-4159-948D-BE188C085A4C
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/segmentation/straight.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_left.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_right.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/4way.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/Tape04_2K_Ambient_Occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/Tape04_2K_Opacity.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/asphalt-normal.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/asphalt.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/calibration_tile-orig.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/calibration_tile.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/curve_left.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/curve_right.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/floor_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/floor_tiles_white.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/grass-normal.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/grass_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/straight.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/tape-metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/tape-normal.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/tape-occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/tape.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_left.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_left.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_left.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_left.pxd/data/75B85613-7682-437B-97A1-2F467FEB50CD
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_left.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_left.pxd/data/selection/meta
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_left.pxd/data/selection/shapeSelection/meta
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_left.pxd/data/selection/shapeSelection/path
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_right.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_right.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_right.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_right.pxd/data/A24899CD-00B1-4772-80B3-2046CC1C4558
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_right.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_right.pxd/data/selection/meta
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_right.pxd/data/selection/shapeSelection/meta
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/3way_right.pxd/data/selection/shapeSelection/path
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/4way.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/4way.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/4way.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/4way.pxd/data/22B25398-3B25-4DCD-B857-42210BD17187
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/4way.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/Untitled.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/Untitled.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/Untitled.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/Untitled.pxd/data/1819314B-8F1F-4603-B9E3-98C012436F66
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/banner_bottom_template.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/banner_bottom_template.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/banner_bottom_template.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/banner_bottom_template.pxd/data/0B153A44-92EB-44F8-A622-D0D90C22DD3E
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/banner_bottom_template.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/calibration_tile.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/calibration_tile.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/calibration_tile.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/calibration_tile.pxd/data/6998697B-897E-4E04-900C-2F5852D6CD64
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/calibration_tile.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/curve_left.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/curve_left.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/curve_left.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/curve_left.pxd/data/727CDCCF-F7E2-42CE-AE71-AFE748E89823
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/curve_left.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/curve_right.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/curve_right.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/curve_right.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/curve_right.pxd/data/9407B169-7525-4AEF-88F3-63B82A429969
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/curve_right.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/straight.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/straight.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/straight.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/straight.pxd/data/7D767DC1-1EF0-4A0B-BB88-B26C2558076A
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/straight.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/straight.pxd/data/selection/meta
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/straight.pxd/data/selection/shapeSelection/meta
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/smooth/straight.pxd/data/selection/shapeSelection/path
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_left.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_right.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_subdued.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/4way.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/asphalt_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/black_tile.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/calibration_tile.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/curve_left.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/curve_right.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/floor_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/floor_1.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/grass_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/straight.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/tape-metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/tape-normal.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/tape-occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/tape.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/.DS_Store
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/3way.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/3way_left.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/3way_right.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/4way.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/XXXcurve.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/asphalt-normal.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/asphalt_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/black_tile.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/calibration_tile.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/curve_left.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/curve_right.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/floor-normal.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/floor_1.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/grass_1.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/straight.png
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/tape-metallic_roughness.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/tape-normal.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/tape-occlusion.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/tape.jpg
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/3way_left.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/3way_left.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/3way_left.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/3way_left.pxd/data/F2763167-F55E-436D-B6E9-088207A8ACB2
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/3way_left.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/3way_right.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/3way_right.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/3way_right.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/3way_right.pxd/data/E6E9F7D3-F98F-4594-8DAE-4520001B9AB0
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic-F/3way_right.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_left.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_left.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_left.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_left.pxd/data/A1F41FB4-71AA-4746-8D01-101932E06417
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_left.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_left.pxd/data/selection/meta
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_left.pxd/data/selection/shapeSelection/meta
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_left.pxd/data/selection/shapeSelection/path
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_right.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_right.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_right.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_right.pxd/data/A24899CD-00B1-4772-80B3-2046CC1C4558
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_right.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_right.pxd/data/selection/meta
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_right.pxd/data/selection/shapeSelection/meta
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/3way_right.pxd/data/selection/shapeSelection/path
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/4way.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/4way.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/4way.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/4way.pxd/data/22B25398-3B25-4DCD-B857-42210BD17187
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/4way.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/straight.pxd/metadata.info
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/straight.pxd/QuickLook/Icon.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/straight.pxd/QuickLook/Thumbnail.tiff
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/straight.pxd/data/E3CD5223-7C1E-4159-948D-BE188C085A4C
src/duckietown_world/data/gd1/textures/tiles/synthetic/straight.pxd/data/originalImportedContentDocumentInfo
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/alltags.ps
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/mosaic.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00000.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00001.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00002.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00003.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00004.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00005.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00006.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00007.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00008.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00009.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00010.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00011.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00012.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00013.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00014.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00015.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00016.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00017.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00018.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00019.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00020.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00021.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00022.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00023.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00024.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00025.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00026.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00027.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00028.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00029.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00030.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00031.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00032.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00033.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00034.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00035.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00036.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00037.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00038.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00039.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00040.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00041.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00042.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00043.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00044.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00045.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00046.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00047.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00048.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00049.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00050.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00051.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00052.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00053.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00054.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00055.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00056.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00057.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00058.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00059.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00060.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00061.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00062.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00063.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00064.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00065.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00066.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00067.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00068.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00069.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00070.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00071.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00072.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00073.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00074.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00075.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00076.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00077.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00078.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00079.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00080.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00081.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00082.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00083.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00084.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00085.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00086.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00087.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00088.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00089.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00090.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00091.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00092.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00093.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00094.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00095.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00096.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00097.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00098.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00099.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00100.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00101.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00102.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00103.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00104.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00105.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00106.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00107.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00108.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00109.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00110.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00111.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00112.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00113.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00114.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00115.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00116.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00117.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00118.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00119.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00120.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00121.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00122.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00123.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00124.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00125.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00126.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00127.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00128.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00129.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00130.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00131.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00132.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00133.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00134.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00135.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00136.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00137.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00138.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00139.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00140.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00141.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00142.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00143.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00144.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00145.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00146.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00147.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00148.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00149.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00150.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00151.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00152.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00153.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00154.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00155.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00156.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00157.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00158.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00159.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00160.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00161.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00162.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00163.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00164.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00165.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00166.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00167.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00168.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00169.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00170.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00171.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00172.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00173.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00174.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00175.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00176.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00177.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00178.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00179.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00180.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00181.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00182.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00183.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00184.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00185.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00186.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00187.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00188.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00189.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00190.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00191.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00192.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00193.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00194.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00195.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00196.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00197.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00198.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00199.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00200.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00201.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00202.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00203.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00204.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00205.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00206.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00207.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00208.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00209.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00210.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00211.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00212.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00213.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00214.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00215.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00216.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00217.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00218.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00219.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00220.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00221.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00222.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00223.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00224.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00225.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00226.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00227.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00228.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00229.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00230.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00231.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00232.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00233.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00234.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00235.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00236.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00237.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00238.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00239.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00240.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00241.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00242.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00243.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00244.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00245.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00246.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00247.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00248.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00249.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00250.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00251.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00252.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00253.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00254.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00255.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00256.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00257.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00258.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00259.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00260.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00261.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00262.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00263.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00264.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00265.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00266.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00267.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00268.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00269.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00270.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00271.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00272.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00273.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00274.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00275.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00276.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00277.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00278.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00279.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00280.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00281.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00282.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00283.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00284.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00285.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00286.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00287.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00288.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00289.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00290.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00291.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00292.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00293.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00294.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00295.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00296.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00297.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00298.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00299.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00300.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00301.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00302.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00303.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00304.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00305.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00306.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00307.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00308.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00309.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00310.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00311.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00312.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00313.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00314.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00315.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00316.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00317.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00318.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00319.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00320.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00321.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00322.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00323.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00324.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00325.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00326.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00327.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00328.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00329.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00330.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00331.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00332.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00333.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00334.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00335.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00336.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00337.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00338.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00339.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00340.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00341.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00342.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00343.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00344.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00345.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00346.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00347.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00348.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00349.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00350.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00351.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00352.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00353.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00354.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00355.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00356.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00357.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00358.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00359.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00360.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00361.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00362.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00363.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00364.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00365.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00366.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00367.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00368.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00369.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00370.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00371.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00372.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00373.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00374.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00375.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00376.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00377.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00378.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00379.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00380.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00381.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00382.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00383.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00384.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00385.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00386.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00387.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00388.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00389.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00390.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00391.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00392.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00393.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00394.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00395.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00396.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00397.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00398.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00399.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00400.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00401.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00402.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00403.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00404.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00405.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00406.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00407.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00408.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00409.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00410.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00411.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00412.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00413.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00414.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00415.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00416.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00417.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00418.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00419.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00420.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00421.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00422.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00423.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00424.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00425.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00426.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00427.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00428.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00429.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00430.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00431.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00432.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00433.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00434.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00435.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00436.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00437.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00438.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00439.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00440.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00441.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00442.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00443.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00444.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00445.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00446.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00447.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00448.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00449.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00450.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00451.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00452.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00453.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00454.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00455.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00456.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00457.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00458.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00459.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00460.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00461.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00462.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00463.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00464.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00465.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00466.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00467.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00468.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00469.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00470.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00471.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00472.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00473.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00474.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00475.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00476.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00477.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00478.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00479.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00480.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00481.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00482.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00483.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00484.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00485.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00486.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00487.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00488.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00489.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00490.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00491.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00492.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00493.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00494.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00495.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00496.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00497.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00498.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00499.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00500.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00501.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00502.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00503.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00504.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00505.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00506.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00507.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00508.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00509.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00510.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00511.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00512.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00513.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00514.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00515.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00516.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00517.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00518.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00519.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00520.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00521.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00522.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00523.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00524.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00525.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00526.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00527.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00528.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00529.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00530.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00531.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00532.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00533.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00534.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00535.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00536.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00537.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00538.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00539.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00540.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00541.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00542.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00543.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00544.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00545.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00546.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00547.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00548.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00549.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00550.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00551.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00552.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00553.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00554.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00555.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00556.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00557.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00558.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00559.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00560.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00561.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00562.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00563.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00564.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00565.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00566.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00567.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00568.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00569.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00570.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00571.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00572.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00573.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00574.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00575.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00576.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00577.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00578.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00579.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00580.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00581.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00582.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00583.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00584.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00585.png
src/duckietown_world/data/tag36h11/tag36_11_00586.png
src/duckietown_world/geo/__init__.py
src/duckietown_world/geo/measurements_utils.py
src/duckietown_world/geo/placed_object.py
src/duckietown_world/geo/rectangular_area.py
src/duckietown_world/geo/region.py
src/duckietown_world/geo/transforms.py
src/duckietown_world/gltf/__init__.py
src/duckietown_world/gltf/background.py
src/duckietown_world/gltf/export.py
src/duckietown_world/rules/__init__.py
src/duckietown_world/rules/in_drivable_lane.py
src/duckietown_world/rules/rule.py
src/duckietown_world/seqs/__init__.py
src/duckietown_world/seqs/constant.py
src/duckietown_world/seqs/tsequence.py
src/duckietown_world/svg_drawing/__init__.py
src/duckietown_world/svg_drawing/draw_log.py
src/duckietown_world/svg_drawing/draw_maps.py
src/duckietown_world/svg_drawing/ipython_utils.py
src/duckietown_world/svg_drawing/misc.py
src/duckietown_world/utils/__init__.py
src/duckietown_world/utils/gvgen_ac.py
src/duckietown_world/utils/images.py
src/duckietown_world/utils/memoizing.py
src/duckietown_world/utils/poses.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/__init__.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/compile_textures.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/differential_drive_dynamics.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/duckiebot.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/duckietown_map.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/dynamics_delay.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/generic_kinematics.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/integrator2d.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/lane_segment.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/map_loading.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/old_map_format.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/other_objects.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/platform_dynamics.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/pwm_dynamics.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/sampling.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/sampling_poses.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/segmentify.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/tags_db.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/tile.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/tile_coords.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/tile_map.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/tile_template.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/tile_utils.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/traffic_light.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/transformations.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/types.py
src/duckietown_world/world_duckietown/utils.py
src/duckietown_world_daffy.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/duckietown_world_daffy.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/duckietown_world_daffy.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/duckietown_world_daffy.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/duckietown_world_daffy.egg-info/not-zip-safe
src/duckietown_world_daffy.egg-info/requires.txt
src/duckietown_world_daffy.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/duckietown_world_tests/__init__.py
src/duckietown_world_tests/dynamics.py
src/duckietown_world_tests/lane_at_point.py
src/duckietown_world_tests/lane_pose.py
src/duckietown_world_tests/measurements.py
src/duckietown_world_tests/pwm_dynamics.py
src/duckietown_world_tests/sampling_poses.py
src/duckietown_world_tests/segment.py
src/duckietown_world_tests/svg.py
src/duckietown_world_tests/tags.py
src/duckietown_world_tests/typing_tests.py
src/duckietown_world_tests/world_building.py